and it shapes the affairs of finance and business as well as a variety of social, educational and political activities. 
Electronics is the art of using electrons in devices such as transistors and silicon chips to make electricity work for us. 
There is no doubt it has had far-reaching effects on nearly all aspects of life, although its influence often remains unseen.
Our modern day dependency on electronics was spurred by the invention of the transistor in the late 1940s. 
Nowadays, we take for granted the way electronics makes our lives more comfortable, enjoyable, creative and exciting.
One of the most important developments in music technology has been the creation of the MP3 format for recording and playing music in digital form. 
MP3 is a compression system for music that reduces the amount of memory space required to store a song without impairing the quality of the song′s sound. 
The aim of this format is to compress a CD-quality song by a factor of 10 to 14 without noticeably affecting the CD-quality sound. 
We are surrounded by products in and round our homes that make use of electronics in one way or another.
The so-called digital revolution has transformed the capture and processing of still and moving pictures. 
In its place, at the focal plane of the camera lens is an electronic sensor called a charge-coupled device (CCD). 
The CCD converts the image produced by the camera lens into a digital image that is stored in an on-board integrated circuit as a digital file.
In this state the image can be viewed at any time and then downloaded for image processing on a computer for manipulating and printing or for use on web pages.
This lets you download a song in minutes rather than hours, and store hundreds of songs on your computer` hard disk without taking up that much space. 
The so-called digital revolution has transformed the capture and processing of still and moving pictures. 
The CCD converts the image produced by the camera lens into a digital image that is stored in an on-board integrated circuit as a digital file. 
In this state the image can be viewed at any time and then downloaded for image processing on a computer for manipulating and printing or for use on web pages
We are surrounded by products in and round our homes that make use of electronics in one way or another. 
One major advance familiar to all is the storage of recorded information brought about by the compact disk (CD) and the DVD.
MP3 is a compression system for music that reduces the amount of memory space required to store a song without impairing the quality of the song′s sound.
The aim of this format is to compress a CD-quality song by a factor of 10 to 14 without noticeably affecting the CD-quality sound. 
The more effective is the technology, the quicker is the development of this country.
The quicker we joint our efforts in protecting the environment, the quicker the ecological problems are solved.
A broad range of industrial and consumer products use computers as control systems.
Simple special-purpose devices like microwave ovens and remote controls are included,
as are factory devices like industrial robots and computer-aided design, as well as general-purpose
devices like personal computers and mobile devices like smartphones.
Computers power the Internet, which links hundreds of millions of other computers and users.